[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>What if a person's
last words were actually
the first words they
say in the afterlife?
On her deathbed, my
close friend said
she thought she was going to
another galaxy after her death.
She said she had a recurring
vision she was in a classroom,
with everyone dressed in white,
in a class about spirituality.
And some months
after her death, I
had a spontaneous
out-of-body experience,
where she guided me to
that place, her galaxy.
I felt I had actually
been to visit my dear
friend in her new
part of the universe.
Was it a dream?
Or did I really find her?
And how could I
go back on my own?
I began studying near death
experiences, past life
memories, reincarnation.
Prevailing science tells
us we make these things up.
Dr. Michael Newton
is a hypnotherapist
who spent his life studying
patients under deep hypnosis.
He claimed with
sufficient trance depth,
clients could take him to
areas of the subconscious that
remembered not only past
lives, but life between lives
that they say we all
journey after death.
7,000 patients who had
never met saying basically
the same things under deep
hypnosis about the afterlife.
I was determined to
go on this journey
and see if what they were
saying could possibly be true.
>>You are now looking
upon a hypnotized person.
Notice how the
eyes of the subject
gaze out blankly into space.
Even the close flame
of a match before them
causes no flickering
of the eyelids.
This is a state that resembles
sleep, yet actually is not
sleep as we normally know it.
This subject is being
conditioned for anesthesia
so as to feel no pain
in the experiment that
is going to take place.
No pain whatsoever is
experienced by a person
under the hypnotic influence.
Indeed, the mind
has unique power
to block off pain under--
has been of great importance
to the hypnotherapist.
>>A typical Life
Between Life regression
is at least four and
a half hours long.
And the reason it
has to be so long
is because one needs to achieve
a certain level of trance depth
in order to access the
superconscious mind.
Now the superconscious
mind is the mind
that has the soul memories.
The body, the physical
body, has a mind of its own,
a type of physical ego.
And this physical ego is quite
different to the soul's minds,
or the soul's ego.
So the challenge for
the LBL therapist
is to attain enough
trance depth to bypass
the conscious mind
and its ability
to interfere with the
superconscious mind.
So here you have
your soul's memories
trying to come through,
or your soul's wisdom
trying to come through.
And the human body and the human
mind often is like a bouncer
preventing those deep thoughts
or those deep wisdoms or truths
from coming though.
>>A client called me and
asked if I could see him
with regard to
physical pain that he
was feeling in his
side, his left side.
And he said he'd been troubled
from childhood with this.
And that the doctors all
said it was psychosomatic.
They'd done x-rays
and they found out
that he was simply
someone that they
couldn't bother with anymore.
They could find no
physical symptoms.
And a number of them
told him that he
should see a psychologist.
I gave in the
command, I want you
go to the origin of this pain.
And he was getting a
little ahead of me.
He was actually a little
deeper than I thought.
And he jumped into the past life
as a soldier in World War I.
And he was being bayoneted.
He was a British sergeant.
And it was the first
battle of the Somme.
I think it was 1916.
I couldn't believe what
was happening to me.
This fellow was lying
in the mud and groaning,
and I was trying to
get his arm patch
information, because
I am a historian.
I was more interested in trying
to verify the British unit
that he claimed to be with
and a number of other facts
instead of gently desensitizing
this horrible trauma he
was going through.
And eventually I did do that.
So, when it was
all over, he said
he was feeling better already.
And he calked me a few
days later, and he said,
there's no more pain.
My wife really
wants to thank you.
Well, I wasn't
satisfied with that.
I didn't tell him this, but
I contacted the British war
office and the imperial
museum in London
to find out if this British
sergeant ever existed
and if there was such a
person in this particular unit
that he described
as the fourth core.
And sure enough, there
was such a person.
And he existed.
Any he died in 1916.
So from that case, I began
taking past life clients.
So I came kicking and
screaming into this movement.
>>I was doing regression,
not past life,
but regressing back to cause.
And so put him in
hypnosis, took him back
to the origins of this
chronic infection problem.
And he spontaneously
regressed into past life.
I didn't really even know
exactly what it was at first.
But he actually abreacted.
He had a sort of a re-living of
the death that he experienced.
And first he described himself
as a small child in Greece.
And he described the sea as
this crystalline, blue sea,
with something kind of shiny
down in the bottom at the beach
there.
And he bent over to
pick something up
and actually fell off a ledge
into the water and drowned.
And he began to
drown in my office.
He turned blue.
He foamed and
scared me to death.
But I'd learned in my
training if someone abreacts,
to just take them through it,
and not to shock them out.
We sort of followed through it.
And he never had another
infection after that.
>>And we're just going to
bring some beautiful energy
into the room.
Because Nancy's here and
she's doing a great job.
We've got Marco here
in the wizard's chair.
We've got [INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGHTER ] setting the energy
here in the middle.
And this is really sacred
space in the middle here.
So I won't be here long.
But, uh-- [LAUGHTER]
So can I just
get you to go with
him for a moment?
>>Take a moment just to observe
any of the thoughts that
are running through your mind.
>>People are dying around me.
>>People are dying?
>>Yeah.
>>And what are you doing?
>>We're rounded up.
>>Rounded up?
>>Mhm.
We're in a camp.
>>A camp?
>>Yeah.
Remember, you can hover above
the scene if you prefer.
>>[EXHALES]
>>That's right.
And what's happening?
>>People die because
they're hungry.
>>Ah, they're hungry.
>>They're hungry, and
[EXHALES] some are taken away.
And they don't come back.
And we don't know
what happened to them.
There's all kinds of rumors.
Rumors are abounding
about what's happening.
>>Yeah.
And you, help me
understand where you are
and how you appear.
>>[EXHALES] Older woman.
>>Older woman.
Yes.
>>I have gray hair.
>>Gray hair.
>>Brown hair but it's graying.
>>I see.
And you're rounded
up with others?
>>We were.
Yeah, we were rounded up, and
we are in this horrible place.
>>Who's rounded you up?
>>Soldiers.
>>Soldiers?
>>Soldiers, officials of the
government have rounded us up.
>>Officials?
>>Mhm.
>>Help me understand where
this is and what time it is.
>>Somewhere in the '40s.
>>In the '40s.
>>1940s.
>>Mhm.
Yeah.
>>This is very disturbing.
[SIGHS] So, we're all afraid.
So we're all afraid,
and the sense
is that we're clinging on
to hope that somehow we
will survive this, but there
is a sense that we won't.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>So let's go back a little bit
to see how you came to be here.
>>When someone is
in deep hypnosis,
they are telling you exactly
what is in their mind.
It is not something that
can be programmed into it.
A lot of people think people can
be directed in deep hypnosis.
They're very aware
of who they are.
And they have great
insight into the things
that they're telling you.
And what I found
interesting and what
captured me was that
over thousands of cases
was a consistency
of the reporting.
It didn't matter whether
a client came to me
with a deep religious belief
system or a lack of believe
in anything or any philosophical
persuasion in between.
Once we had them
in deep hypnosis,
they all told me
the same things.
I began in 1956 as a very
traditional psychotherapist
using hypnosis to try
to uncover childhood
emotional and physical trauma.
At that time in that
particular year that I began
was the year of the
famous Bridey Murphy case.
This was the Colorado
housewife who
recalled a previous
life in Ireland.
And it was a sensation.
People were very
interested in this,
and they knew that
hypnosis had been used.
And I would get calls, well,
since you practice hypnosis,
may I come to for a
past life regression?
And in the '50s, I simply told
them, no, I'm very traditional.
I'm not involved with that kind
of New Age sort of thinking.
I was very naive then, really.
[MONKS CHANTING]
>>The most famous
reincarnated soul
who can read and reflect on
his previous 13 lifetimes
lives in Dharamsala, India.
Hindus, Buddhists, Taoists,
American Native tribes,
Aboriginal tribes of Australia,
the Celts, and the Cathars,
and 25% of Americans believe
in some form of reincarnation.
[MONKS CHANTING]
Reincarnation as a
religious concept
for Hindus and Buddhists
maintains fundamental tenets
about how it works.
The theory is that
between lives,
we are like wisps of smoke
that travel from one existence
to the next based on karma, or
acts during our previous lives.
Newton's research
is contrary to this.
According to his 7,000 patients
over the course of 30 years,
they report we are fully
conscious between lives,
that we are aware of all
of our previous lives,
and with the help of our
spirit guides and soul mates,
we decide on which life
we'll lead together
in our next incarnation.
They claim we have free
will between lives.
We choose when
and where and even
if to return to life on Earth.
Older, wiser souls make
choose a more difficult life
in order to help
others spiritually.
>>Just allow yourself
to [INAUDIBLE].
By what name are you
known in this place?
>>Hans comes to mind.
>>[COUGHS]
>>OK, Hans, what's
happening for you just now?
>>[COUGHS]
>>Just allow yourself
to let me know.
And I want you to feel
like [INAUDIBLE] yourself
becoming more comfortable,
knowing that you are here
with me, and your lungs are
clear and breathing fresh air.
Just understand
that, Hans, for me.
>>I'm on this ring lifting
in this cold water.
And this [INAUDIBLE] ship
above, but I'm drowning.
>>Hans, what year is this?
>>I hear 1872.
>>OK.
Just allow that to settle.
Don't try too hard.
Just allow it to come.
That's it, through
until you are at peace.
That's it.
Just feel your consciousness
starting to expand.
And feel the relief
as your soul is free.
Hans, I want to you to tell
me the circumstances that
led up to you being overboard.
You were working on the ship?
So your role was--
>>Shoveling the coals
in heating room.
>>OK.
Shoveling the coal
in the heating room.
>>Hm.
>>OK.
Have you working on
the ship for long?
How long does it seem?
>>12 years.
And tell me, Hans,
how old are you
at the time of your passing?
>>35.
>>Just 35.
OK.
Hans, I want you to think
very carefully for me
now, and just recall for
me the name of your ship.
>>L--
>>L stands for--
>>A--
>>L-A.
>>E.
>>Yeah, what do you
think the next word is?
>>N T M A N. I think.
>>Lanceman?
>>N. Double N.
>>What country were
you born in, Hans?
I was born in Ireland.
>>You were born in Ireland?
>>And for whatever
reason, I went
on that ship and then that
was-- yeah, yeah, yeah.
>>OK.
>>That was Denmark,
which is now Germany.
No, my mom is Irish.
She's an old Irish woman.
It's in the middle
of the country.
>>Middle of the country?
>>It is.
>>Newburg or something.
>>Newburg?
Something like that?
OK.
That's all right.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>OK.
>>I love my sheep.
>>You love your sheep?
>>And my [INAUDIBLE].
>>OK.
>>So typically it starts
with an induction, then
a deepening, a
deepening of trance.
And then we use this lifetime
through current life age
regression as a way to
warm the person's mind up,
making it ready and available
to superconscious memory.
Then from the current
life, we go back
to the womb, where the person
is able to recount and recall
the experience of being
in the womb as a fetus.
And then from the womb, we move
back into a past life memory,
specifically looking
for the death scene.
Because we have found that
through the death scene,
the person's mind is more easily
able to open to their soul
memories.
So the person passes
through the death scene,
starts to experience in
themselves as a soul,
remembers what it
is to be a soul,
and then there is usually
a sequence of events that
are quite similar
for most people,
although they can be
in different orders.
Some kind of
orientation, where they
are met by a loving soul
mate, a friend in spirit,
or their teacher or
their guides in spirit.
And from then on, there is
an orientation as well as
a debriefing of the life
that they have just lived.
And then the soul moves
into the normal activities
of the spirit world.
Sometimes this might involve
some kind of celebration, where
they are reunited with their
spiritual friends and family.
Sometimes there's
even a bit of rest.
Very often the soul,
carrying the baggage
of a human experience,
needs some kind
of healing on the other side to
fully acclimatize to its soul
consciousness.
And so there is usually
healing or restoration.
And then at some
point, the soul is
taken before it's council or
it's wise elders or teaches,
where the soul, in a very
loving, caring and supportive
way, is given the opportunity to
reflect on the life just lived
and on the bigger picture
of their many existences,
their many lifetimes, where they
review the lessons, the themes,
that are part of their
own spiritual journey
and their own
spiritual unfoldment.
>>Number one, be there now.
Move out of the tunnel.
Be there now.
>>Mhm.
>>Here I am on some place in
Europe, seems like London.
And--
>>Is it daytime right now?
>>It's daytime.
And I have on--
you know that hat,
like a black hat, a big
black hat and black suit
like Snidely Whiplash?
And it's like I'm moving
along the London streets.
I'm slinking around the
London streets like a cat.
What can I say?
>>And so you're outside
moving through the streets,
is that right?
>>Yeah, I'm looking
for-- I've got
some-- I'm shielding something.
And I'm looking for something.
I'm holding it.
>>Your garments?
>>I'm holding it.
Yeah, kind of pushing it into
my jacket so nobody will see it.
>>OK.
>>It's in my top coat.
>>And you feel you
sort of made off
with this from a
church or something?
>>Either-- yeah.
Definitely from a church.
Either they gave it to me
to deliver to somebody--
>>What's your name?
What do people call you?
What's the first letter?
>>Alfred.
>>Well, Alfred is now very--
he's now-- he feels confused.
He feels, now wait a minute.
I have the document.
I don't know where
to go with it.
Why did they give it to me if I
don't know where to deliver it?
>>--it was more
clinically oriented.
But about eight years ago, I
had a near death experience.
I was at my son's
swim meet and was
struck by lightning, about 50
million volts through the body.
It actually went through
my body, out of it,
into the car, burned out the
electrical system in the car.
And I was one of
the lucky ones who
survives that sort of thing.
And about six months later,
had a hypnosis session,
a regression session,
back to take me
back through that to release
some of the trauma that
was lodged in my body.
It was during that session that
I remembered the near death
experience.
In the dead time, I
experienced a couple things
that have stayed
with me ever since.
And one is we can have a
concept or a philosophy
or a religious belief
about unconditional love.
But I don't think it's a
common, everyday experience.
We can strive for it.
We can hope to experience,
we can long for it.
But I felt two things.
One was a complete
reconnecting with the whole,
with the all being,
part of it all again,
this universal sea of
consciousness, if you will,
this being back home
and being completely
and unconditionally loved.
And that is something I thought,
how can I recreate that?
How can I take someone to
have that experience again
in this Life Between
Life regression?
Not always, but most
often, as someone
goes back into spirit from the
death scene in the past life,
as you heard yesterday,
some of the first words
she spoke once she was
there is, I'm home.
I'm home.
And I think it's that
longing for home, longing
for that sense of love, that
we as human beings carry.
And we look for it
in relationships.
We don't find it.
We try to numb it, the
pain that we carry.
It's there and it's available.
And I think this is a
great avenue to get there.
>>And then what happens?
>>We're told, a group
of us, that we're
going to take showers.
And we all know that we're not.
>>Showers.
>>We hope so.
We hope that we're
going to be moved
to a more comfortable
place and have better food.
And there's a part of me that
just wants to scream and fight.
But there's another part
that says, just stay small,
stay connected.
>>Ah.
Stay and fight or stay
small and stay connected.
Yes.
>>Stay connected and
remember that love
is what really matters.
And so we go into the place
where the showers are.
And there is such a
funny smell all the time.
The odor is-- we smell
that other times.
>>So before we go in there,
just tell me, if you would,
what your name is.
>>Ana.
>>Mhm.
>>And last name?
>>Pachinski.
>>Yes, OK.
So moving quickly now into
the showers-- that's right--
and notice where you are
in relation to your body.
>>Mm.
>>Mhm.
And what happens?
>>It's over pretty quickly.
>>Yes.
>>Mhm.
>>Yeah.
We're gathered together.
We're pressed
against each other.
And there's commotion, and
I'm just trying to stay calm.
And I take deep breaths
so it can be over faster.
>>You take deep breaths
>>Deep breaths, yeah.
>>Yeah.
>>And then it's done.
>>It's done.
>>[SIGHS]
>>And are you moving
away from the body now?
>>Yeah.
And is there a sense
of being pulled away
or moving away of
your own [INAUDIBLE]
>>Pulling away.
And as you move away, are you
looking back towards the body,
or towards where you're going?
>>I'm looking upwards.
>>Yes.
And what do you see?
>>I just see kind of--
it's dark at first,
and then there seems to
be lights all around me.
And I'm moving very quickly.
And it's getting lighter.
>>There are lights all around.
It's getting lighter.
>>There's lights all around me,
very bright lights all around.
I'm just moving
very, very quickly.
>>Good, good.
>>Very quickly.
>>Sometime later, a woman
came to me, my first Life
Between Life case.
And her presenting
problem was one
of depression over having,
quote, "no friends."
She couldn't seem to
connect with anybody.
And there was a kind
of a dissociation
there with human society.
And she didn't understand it.
And she felt she was
kind of reclusive.
And I thought I was dealing
with a case of depression.
And so, once again, as with
the World War I soldier,
I reached a point
of frustration when
I couldn't seem to
find any of her--
I thought perhaps
there might be someone
from her past life
in her life today.
I couldn't seem find anyone.
So I said, go to the
origin of your loneliness,
especially if there are a
group of people around you.
Now, I didn't know
it at the time,
but the word "group"
was a trigger word.
Because we exist between lives
in soul groups, cluster groups,
we call them.
Oh, her face lit up.
She got tears in her eyes.
And she-- once again, she'd
gone very deep very quickly.
Because this is not something
in a middle or shallow alpha
state.
And she pointed to my office
wall and said, I see them all.
And I'm lost.
I'm thinking, you see
them all in this life
or in your most
immediate past life?
Where are we?
Oh, she said, we're
in the spirit world.
And I said, you're where?
Oh, yes, she said, I'm seeing
all my soul companions.
Now, they're all--
they're wonderful.
And she began to
describe them to me.
And so I probed some
more, took a lot of notes.
I had a recording.
And like the World
War I soldier,
I found out that, in her case,
none of these soul companions
were in her life today, and
there were reasons for that.
And she was lonely
because of it.
And then after she left,
I looked at the wall,
and said to myself, this
can't be happening to me.
I am the world's worst
cynical, skeptic.
And past life was another
jolt of cold water.
And now this?
So, I studied it for a long
time, my notes and the tape.
And then, of course,
with more clients,
I began exploring
it more and more.
And once I started,
I couldn't stop.
>>Now do this for
me, Alfred, I want
to move forward to the
very last day of your life
as Alfred, the very last day.
>>Mhm.
>>You'll not yet
have crossed over,
but it will be the last day.
So on the count of three,
you'll be there, one.
two, three, last day, so.
>>I've been shot in the chest.
>>Shot in the chest.
>>I met two people behind
me trying to revive me.
>>OK.
So where are you?
You're outside or inside?
>>And I still am wearing the
same black suit I had on.
So I think I got it before I
got the envelope to the French.
>>So right now, as you're
dying there, are you inside?
>>No, I'm outside on the street.
>>OK.
>>I have a white
shirt on, and blood
is oozing out of my chest.
>>Where are you hit
exactly, do you know?
>>Right in the heart.
>>Right in the heart, OK.
Did you see who shot you?
>>No.
>>Or was it just a shot
that came out of nowhere?
>>Yeah, I don't know who did it.
>>OK.
>>But they were looking for me.
>>WHAT about the-- Did
you see who shot you?
Or was it just a shot
that came out of nowhere?
>>Yeah, I don't know who did it.
>>OK.
But they were looking for me.
>>So as you-- are
you laying down?
>>Yeah.
>>OK.
And the life's sort of
draining out of you.
>>Yeah.
>>OK.
And what about the
document, or the precious--
>>A structure of
the spirit world.
And there's
definitely a-- is not
just a few clouds and
people playing harps.
It's nothing like that.
It's a very complex-- you could
say society, but one in which
there are none of the
human limitations.
You don't have the human needs.
Nobody can afford hoard the
jelly beans or the gold.
There isn't anything to hoard.
There's no power to hoard.
There's not really a
hierarchy, although you
have very advanced
souls and souls
that are ranked beginners.
Souls don't see
that as a hierarchy.
The very advanced souls-- part
of becoming an advanced soul
is becoming more and more
and more selfless and humble.
And they don't see themselves
as one bit more important
or special than the
youngest of souls.
They just don't see it that way.
>>We cross from the
death experience
into the spirit world,
into the afterlife.
What happens then is a very
kind of consistent reporting
of either friends
or relatives coming
to greet them, or their
spirit guides, usually both.
There's usually what I call
an orientation session.
It's kind of like
a briefing session.
I think back, because
of my age, to World War
II and those bombing missions
over Europe from England.
You go out, and it's
like going to Earth
and going through this
very difficult school
that we have down
here for one lifetime.
And then you get home,
and you're debriefed.
These pilots, when they came
back to land at English bases,
were debriefed.
How did the mission go?
OK?
Did you reach the target?
Did you accomplish
your objectives?
I mean, these are the same
sorts of questions we ask.
How does your guide receive you?
Now, I want to make it clear
that when a client sees
their personal guide
for the first time,
their immortal teacher, they're
blown out of their minds.
Because that conscious
is never fully asleep.
And if it were, we wouldn't be
getting answers and responses.
They can't believe it.
Some of the more
religious people
may think that they see
Jesus or Buddha or Mohammed
coming towards them.
But they quickly realize, no,
no, no, that's not who this.
This is my personal teacher.
>>Where are you in
relation to your body,
floating above it,
or off to the side?
>>No, I'm floating above it.
>>Floating above it.
>>Yeah.
Floating above, but
I'm in a chamber.
And there are three
men, big, powerful men
with very big smiles
on their face.
>>Is one of them sort of like
the one you're talking to?
Or they're all--
>>Well, there's one main one
who's kind of having this
silent exchange with--
>>[INAUDIBLE] What's he wearing?
>>Big, like Santa Claus, white
robe, big, white beard, jolly.
>>And what's being
communicate to you?
What do you hear in your mind?
What's he saying to you?
>>You've sacrificed your
own self and self-protection
for those of others.
We're really happy
to have you up here,
and we hope you'll stay.
>>People are
fascinated to find out
who is in this very private
sanctuary of souls that
can range anywhere
from 3 to 25 souls.
The average client has about 15.
These are all friends,
relatives, spouses,
dear friends in this life.
Some of them are
shocked by who's there.
And they have been with
them since the beginning.
And it's kind of like
we hear of groups
that are formed, say, for
alcoholics in recovery.
There's a certain
integrity there
that no new patients
are added to the group
once the group starts.
It's that way in
the spirit world.
We don't have new souls coming
in and out all the time.
That group stays together.
So sometimes it's
a real revelation
to the people sitting
in your chair about just
who's in their soul group.
There are other
soul groups nearby,
affiliated souls, that
may play an important part
in certain lives.
There are reasons for that.
We want to explore it.
>>Well, he has taken
me by the hand.
And he's taken me in
to this vestibule that
has rows of men and
women sitting there.
And they have on white
bishop's hats and robes.
And he's just leading me
into this vestibule where
I'm going to meet-- I guess
that's my council of elders.
Well, can you think of the
plaza in front of the Vatican
at Christmas?
Lit, right?
Bright, lit like
an atomic blast.
>>Very bright.
>>Luminous.
>>And so it's
bright in the room.
And everybody is sitting very
straight and magnificent.
And he's kind of looking at
me and then looking at them,
saying, look, look, look.
Look how great this is.
Look at all these
people you have
around you that are going
to start to maybe give you
some tender loving care.
>>Now tell me-- the person that
you mentioned that were angry
at-- why are you angry at them?
>>He watched me drowning.
>>He watched you drowning?
Did he not do anything?
OK.
>>He had pleasure in it.
>>He took pleasure in it.
OK.
I can understand that
that would make you angry.
OK.
Why did he take pleasure
in it, do you think?
>>When I go down
there, I don't see it.
But up there, I know it.
[COUGHS]
>>OK.
When you've passed,
you know more?
>>He-- we shook hands before
we said-- I don't know.
It was something.
I mean, we made a contract.
I just saw that shook
hands before that life.
So it had a reason.
I never-- I didn't see that.
>>Was there something
for you to learn
from the relationship with
this man during that lifetime?
Is that what you're saying?
>>[SIGHS] Wait.
He says it was so
difficult to do that.
>>It was difficult?
Do you know this man?
Can you see him
in the afterlife?
>>Yeah, I know him.
>>OK.
That's OK.
>>I know who it is.
I just-- I know it.
>>OK.
Good.
>>This time he didn't watch.
This time he saved me.
>>I understand.
>>[SNIFFS]
>>Was this man your father?
I understand.
>>Well, we do a
couple of things.
First of all, we
help those clients
awaken an understanding of
their immortal identities.
And then what we do is
we bring that integration
back into their lives today.
That spiritual integration
is really important.
It's great to understand these
great things are within you.
But how, then, do we make
them real in your life today?
If you can carry those
mindsets, shifts,
that ultimate transformation
experience back into your life
today, it not only
changes your life,
but the life of all of
those people around you.
And that's our gift to them.
And that's what they can do
for those around them also.
>>So from there, we
they typically go
in front of a group
of wise beings.
There's all sorts of
names for these beings.
Some call them the elders
or the wisdom makers
or all sorts of wonderful names
they give these wise beings
who, in fact, are a step
or two above their guides.
These are non-incarnating
beings, OK?
It's about as close to God
as we get, incidentally.
There is usually a very
interesting discourse
that goes on.
They ask questions, how did
you do in your last life?
How do you-- they're
very gentle people.
>>What happened
for me is my guide
met me as soon as I
made my transition.
I was a Civil War scene.
I was in a pile of bodies,
not quite dead yet,
along with a few others.
And finally leaving that
body, being met by my guide,
and pretty quickly being
taken to this sort of domed
place that the council,
the wise beings,
were and were going
to review with me.
And I remember this feeling,
that comes primarily
for some religious
misunderstandings,
that as I approached this
building, that somehow I
was going to be judged.
And one of those
sort of readers,
if you will, at the
doors to this place
came forward and said, there's
no place for that here.
This is not about being judged.
There's no place
for guilt or shame.
That's not the way
for you to enter here.
So I was reassured.
I think from a
Christian upbringing,
there was this fear that
I was going to be judged.
And they just said, that's
not what happens here.
And then when I went in, it was
these-- we talk about beings.
It's not really people.
You say, well, they had robes.
But I guess I
would describe them
as energetic robes and beings.
And I just found love
again, unconditional love.
And as I stood before them,
they don't really-- well,
in my case, they didn't
really talk to me.
But what they did
was they took me
through the experience
of a number of lifetimes.
So it was a review
of the past lives.
But not even watching a movie
or looking at it in a book.
They actually put me
into those lifetimes
so I could re-experience them
from a different perspective.
And they showed me a
number of lifetimes.
One in particular
they took me through,
where I was a slave owner.
And I had a group of
slaves, sort of in a trench,
where I was whipping them.
And-- unpleasant.
And they weren't judging me.
But I'm reviewing
this and watching.
It was horrifying
to see that I could
have that sort of
attitude and mentality.
This is a soul lesson, something
I've carried for some time.
They said, you're doing
much better with that.
The work you're doing
is benefiting people.
You're much less judgmental,
although you still
have this tendency.
They said, but the
problem is, you
tend to direct that
toward yourself now.
So I've made progress, but
it's still something I carry.
And I'm more critical or
judgmental of self, right?
And then they gave me a
really profound experience
that I'll never forget.
And they took me
through the experience
again of reconnecting with
the whole, of being part
of the creator, part
of the universe.
And what a relief to be
reconnected in that way.
And then they said, when you
judge, when you criticize,
when you discount, you separate.
This is what causes the
separation from the whole.
And they didn't talk to me
about it as a philosophy,
but they gave me the experience
of being separated again.
And again, I think
that's something
we all carry in our soul.
They gave me this experience,
and then they said,
when you do this, you
diminish the light.
And I thought, whoa.
And they said, no, we mean
you diminish the light
as a whole when you do this.
What a profound lesson
for me and for the world.
>>Feel that
sensation of movement
as you move on to
the next place.
And tell me, what's
happening for you?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>OK.
What can you see ahead of you?
>>>>[LAUGHS] It's like the
Milky Way in hundredfold.
[LAUGHS]
>>OK.
Good.
>>And I'm a shooting star
shooting up. [LAUGHS]
>>OK.
Continue on your
way, and let me know
when you reach your destination.
Let me know what that is.
Ask your guide the lesson
from the life of Hans,
now that you've
arrived home as Hans.
Ask him for the lesson in
that incident [INAUDIBLE]
Hans' death.
>>[EXHALES DEEPLY]
>>And report back to me what
that was in your own words.
>>Oh.
Hm.
I was back stabbing people.
Yeah, we must have had
a problem with the ship,
and we hardly had any food left.
And we had to have portions
of food, they gave us.
>>Yeah.
>>And I was not honest.
I was stealing from my comrades.
And I just cared about
myself to stay alive.
And others were [INAUDIBLE].
You have to have all these
different experiences,
because that's what
later is contained
as a memory in your soul.
And then you just
simply-- when you
are placed into your new
identity, into your task,
and into a higher
evolved-- taking
care of all these
different beings,
then you start to realize
subconsciously you
have all this memory stored.
Like I had to start as
Mousy, in a big way.
There was a huge storage.
We have tiny, tiny,
tiny little storages
all over the place, which kind
of [INAUDIBLE] has all over.
And all these different
little cell memories,
we carry with us from
all these memories
in Earthly incarnations
and others.
They help us to be
more compassionate
and to sense and feel
and open our hearts.
Because otherwise, if
we wouldn't have that,
we wouldn't have that
resource, and we would judge.
>>OK.
So we bring these memories
back so we can learn?
Is that what you mean?
>>No, we bring
these memories back
because we have them stored.
That's the difference.
>>OK.
>>It's so amazing.
I've never seen that.
It's like in your energy field
and even in your physical body,
you have all that in
tiny little increments.
In little parts, you
have that stored.
And this is why you have
these huge facets of emotions
and feelings, or else we would
be one or two dimensional.
>>OK.
I understand.
Are you ready to
release the fear
of drowning that you hold
in the lifetime of Sophia?
>>[EXHALES DEEPLY]
>>And I'd like you
to see, moving off
into the distance in
threads which come from you,
and move off into all those
lifetimes, where drowning
has been an issue for you.
Well, it might contribute
to the building of that fear
today, in the life of Sophia.
>>What we really want
to do is somehow--
and the oldest
souls we can talk to
can't explain this--
we want to reach
a level of self-perfection,
purity, that
will allow us,
somehow, to get back
to the source that gave us our
existence in the first place.
We long to return to that.
This is what drives all souls.
And in fact, this is
what drives human beings,
but we have forgotten it.
And if you want to bring
the religious term in there,
we're trying to get back to God.
>>I'm a young female, maybe 20.
>>How were you dressed?
>>I'm wearing this very tight
corset dress, long, little
slightly puffy below the waist.
A very-- with lots of lace.
>>And what is your
companion's name?
>>Vlad.
>>Vlad?
>>Mm-hmm.
>>And his last name, surname?
>>Wallensky.
>>And what year is it?
>>1863.
>>Help me understand this.
That all of you could
collectively share this.
>>All participants
collectively showed
others about love, greed, hate.
Love others, about
love, greed, hate.
Love, strength, enduring,
enduring no matter what.
Survival, the worst
on a deeper level.
>>You mean those in the camps?
>>Uh-huh, those in the camps.
But also those
that participated.
>>Those that
participated as well.
participated also were.
It was like two-- there were
many polarities being played
out, and all were a part
of that demonstration.
>>So even the ones we
would call the perpetrators
had a role in this.
Is that right?
>>You know, from this side.
>>From them, from your council.
>>From this side
of where I stand,
ah, it was much easier to be
the victim than the perpetrator
And I know that
sounds really harsh.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>But it was much harder
because the pain of a soul,
even though everyone agreed, the
pain of knowing that you could
cause such suffering,
tear apart people,
was unbearable for many of them.
And standing up,
it's about courage.
>>It seems to be a common theme.
I mean, what we experienced
yesterday in the regression.
Here's someone who is in the
Holocaust and is a victim.
And as tragic and horrible as
that is, from that perspective,
in spirit, from that expanded
state of consciousness,
felt compassion for
the perpetrators,
for the pain that
their souls experienced
in playing that role.
Not to make it right.
It is a terrible tragedy.
It's horrible.
And at the same time,
sometimes things
that we judge from
our human perspective
as being right or wrong or
bad has a very central role.
This what they're
speaking to you of,
or are they having you
experience this in some way?
>>They're talking to me, but
I'm also experiencing it.
They're showing me.
And--
>>Help me understand
how this happens.
>>As they're speaking
to me, it's going.
I see all the events going
before me like a movie.
And then, I feel the fumes.
But I get the opportunity.
I'm so familiar with
what I felt in that body.
>>You know what you
felt in that body, yes.
>>But I'm seeing and feeling
what the perpetrators felt.
And I'm also seeing what others
that were victims were feeling.
And if I were to put
the two side by side,
it feels terrible.
But I'm glad I was on the side
of experience that I was on.
>>Research shows we consciously
choose our next life
to gain spiritual growth
by overcoming adversity.
The adversity is agreed to
by all parties involved.
The actual severity may
change, but the lessons
are generated by a
compassion to help
another soul learn
from experience.
With the help of our soul
group and our spiritual elders,
we choose a lifetime
where we believe
we can gain or give
the most benefit.
>>One of the things
that surprises people
the most about their own
memories of being a soul
is just how much
free will there is.
Each soul chooses
their own lifetime.
It's a very careful
choice usually.
It's a very sacred
But each soul is given
more than one choice.
And the soul looks at these
choices of potential lifetimes
on earth.
They also are able to scan
potential future timelines,
because as we have realized
through the life between life
work, there is
never one set path.
You don't incarnate with
a set beginning and a set
end in mind.
There's no one future timeline.
In fact, time seems to be more
like a tree with many branches.
And it's up to us as souls
to navigate those branches
to the best of our ability,
to make our choices,
and to live with those choices.
>>When they're ready
to come forward again
in the next incarnation,
there's an area
where there's kind of a life
selection, body selection
area where they have choices
of different kinds of bodies
and who they think they
could work best with.
And of course, their
elders and guides
have had a hand in the selection
of choices, if you will.
And then they come forward
into the next life.
And I think what's key to all
this is that there's such order
and discipline upstairs.
And it's a very compassionate
love relationship.
It isn't one that involves
the kinds of things
that we see on Earth with
a hierarchy of beings who
lorded over your
and engender fear.
There is so much forgiveness
and understanding.
We all make mistakes.
Some of us make
terrible mistakes.
And that's all forgiven
once we cross over.
And there is various
ways in which
they can help heal the soul that
I explain in my books, but I
don't need to go into here.
But I just want you to know that
what clients gain from all this
when they wake up in your
office after one of these long
sessions is they just look
and they'll-- some of them are
crying.
Some of them are laughing.
Some of them can't talk.
And generally, there's just
this wow, I can't believe it.
>>So life selection is
taken very seriously.
We choose, often,
based on what we
desire to learn
in an incarnation.
So every now and
then, a soul will
choose a lifetime for
rest and recreation.
But most of the time,
we choose a body
for what that body will give
to us in terms of learning.
Also, there's often
a theme of service,
where the soul might
choose a lifetime
to serve humanity in some way
or to improve on their skills.
If a soul is very
interested in healing,
it may choose a lifetime
with a broken body
or with an illness
in mind in order
to enhance its own healing
skills and knowledge.
Always, wisdom is
uppermost in mind.
We choose to incarnate
to harvest wisdom
from the lifetime, to gain
direct experience and knowledge
so that we are
improved as beings,
expanded as beings,
so that we have more wisdom and
understanding and compassion.
So souls choose the
lifetime very carefully.
And then they prepare
for that lifetime.
Very often, they have
meetings with the other souls
that they're going
to incarnate with.
They have meetings and
preparation with their guides,
where they review all the
possibilities ahead of them.
And the real
intention is to make
the most of every lifetime,
because lifetimes are treated
as very precious,
sacred experiences.
>>I see the purple and blue
just streaming through me.
>>Yeah.
>>And the outline of that
stream is golden light.
And it just streams right
through me out of nowhere.
Right through.
And it's just a stream of
energy that is washing away.
And I'm embracing it
like I'm floating upward
through that light,
like a waterfall.
It's like an infusion
and waterfall.
He's my guide.
He has a white
outline, as if he's
like a white light that got out.
A little round on top is if
there's a head with long hair.
I can't see any details, it's
just blinding white light.
So loving and inviting.
He says, you're
an emotional soul.
You like to worry.
But there's nothing
to worry about.
And it's like as if in the
blackness of the cosmos,
with stars all over
the place, there's
like a place with green
grass and a bench.
And there we are sitting down.
I said, what is this place?
And he said, this
is where we decide
what you're going to do
next, as if showing me
where I could go next.
So from left to right, there
are different sceneries.
On the left, there is a city.
On the right, in
the middle, there's
a mountain scene,
a Tibetan mountain.
Something snowy on top.
And there's another nature scene
a little to the right of that.
And then a lot of snow, where
I don't want to go there.
He says, choose your
environment first.
And then you'll get a task
to do, what to do there.
He says, wait a
minute, I'm going
to show you something else.
My fiance from my previous life,
he comes out in that uniform
just so I recognize him.
He takes that uniform
off and says, I
don't need this disguise anymore
>>Someone can read in
a book reincarnation.
And I could think, well
that's an interesting concept,
a theory.
Someone can have a
religious belief,
I believe in reincarnation, or I
don't believe in reincarnation.
But if you take someone
through one of these sessions
and they have the experience,
that's mind boggling for them.
It's not just
something they see,
but a visceral experience
that they go through
on a soul and body level.
They come out of there
knowing that this is the case.
It's far beyond a
concept or belief.
That's profound.
Over and over again, I've had
people go back to that time
when Jesus was on the planet
and being connected somehow
to that movement or that
group or that individual,
and experiencing with
him or those close to him
this deep sense of being loved.
And being so distraught
when he was killed.
>>Falling, falling,
melting, relaxing.
Down, down, down.
What part of the
world are you in?
>>Jerusalem.
>>And what is the year
that you're experiencing?
>>I see 18.
I don't know.
>>18?
>>I'm aware of other people.
And I'm in front of them.
>>OK.
How old are you in this scene?
What's the number that
pops into your mind.
Are you--
>>20.
>>20, OK.
Is this like the time
when Jesus is alive,
or is this before or after that?
>>Jesus is alive.
>>Jesus is alive?
OK.
You ever seen Jesus
talk or preach?
>>I feel mesmerized.
I feel I can't-- I can't
believe I'm seeing.
>>There's a crowd just milling
about or some talking--
>>They're just listening,
they're listening.
>>OK.
About how far away are you
from that person who's talking?
Like 50 feet?
>>10 feet.
>>Oh, 10 feet.
So quite close.
All right.
So how was the crowd
responding to him.
What's the feeling you get?
>>Quietly, patiently, seriously.
>>So where is-- is this in
Jerusalem, or in a village
somewhere else?
>>It still feels like Jerusalem.
>>OK.
So just describe
what you're seeing.
>>I do see the face of Jesus.
>>OK.
Tell me about this.
What's going on in this scene?
>>He's speaking.
>>OK.
>>I'm just mesmerized.
>>What is it about him
that mesmerizes you so?
>>His purity.
His honesty.
His heart, his truth.
>>Tell me about his face.
Describe it for me.
>>Beautiful.
I almost can't breathe.
>>Now imagine that
I'm a blind person.
And I want to describe
his face for me.
What is the shape of the face?
>>Narrow.
>>Clean.
>>What about the--
>>Soft.
>>Intense.
>>What about his color
or his complexion?
>>Tan.
Is it like olive skin or
ruddy skin or dark skin.
>>Tan.
Just tan.
>>OK.
So his face is narrow and tan.
Tell me about his hair.
>>Simple.
>>Long, simple.
>>Is it thick or thin?
>>Thin.
>>What color is his hair?
>>Light brown.
About how long is it?
>>Shoulders.
>>Shoulder length.
Is it wavy or is it
straight and curly?
>>Wavy.
What about his eyes, now.
Novice those eyes of his.
>>Brown.
Like dark or light
or medium brown?
>>Golden.
>>Golden brown.
What is he speaking of?
>>Love.
That you must love.
I just feel his kindness.
He showed us how to
live, how to love.
>>How to love.
>>To be good, to be kind.
To be honest.
>>What happened to him?
What do you know about him?
>>He died.
>>He died?
>>I couldn't see.
I couldn't watch.
They beat him and tortured him.
>>And did you know
this was happening?
>>I couldn't.
I couldn't take it.
>>I'm feeling drawn to a
church, that [? Frenchy ?] wants
to bring me to a
big, gigantic church.
>>Cool, let's go.
>>With ceilings of
like 100 feet high.
And gold statues, and the
pews are made of gold.
There's a tremendous
choir singing.
And it's just the two of
us, [? Frenchy ?] and me,
sitting there and listening.
It's all for us.
The whole thing is for us.
>>What is this place?
What's the purpose of here?
Why this experience?
>>He's just showing me.
>>Showing a beautiful place?
>>Yeah, he says
you are [? York. ?]
And this is your church.
This is your church and your
synagogue and your temple.
And you belong in this.
I just want to show you that
all the spiritual things you're
doing are right.
We built you this church.
You can call it church,
a synagogue, an ashram,
whatever you want to call it.
But [? Yorks ?], it's yours.
>>It's your holy place.
>>It's my holy place.
[? Frenchy's ?] just led me
to a place like a Taj Mahal.
And he says, come in.
This is yours, too.
That's yours and this is yours.
You deserve it, you earned it.
We're grateful.
It's yours.
And she says, you can come
back here anytime you want.
They're never going to go away.
They're yours forever.
>>Someone asked me
just this morning
at breakfast what is
the purpose of all this?
I mean, they
understand our purpose
for coming to Earth
in an Earth school.
But why does a creator
or group of creators
need to bother with creating
these imperfect souls who
were striving for the perfection
that they already have?
What's the purpose of that?
If you were a
creator, if you were
a source of this
particular universe,
why would you need to do this?
I've asked a question a lot
with certain advanced clients.
I've got my own
feelings about it.
And I could be completely wrong.
But my feeling is that the
creator or creators, if you
will, sources-- maybe they work
as a collective group-- create
souls in order to express
parts of themselves
that they want to see developed.
And when the perfection
is reached over millennia,
they will conjoin back with them
and make them stronger for it.
That's the best I
can come up with.
>>This is a big mission to
clarify and to create more,
bring more, bring
more light and love.
Clear, and cleansing,
and loving, and peaceful,
so eventually, when we're all
light, and know that we're all
light, all the other things
will go, sadness and such.
Some people can feel the light.
Some people can see the light.
Noticing the light,
it creates more light.
You're part of light.
And as long as you're
acting your natural way,
continuing your natural
mission, living the life
is more helpful than trying
to change it or find something
else.
It's that when I lose my
focus and my concentration,
and I deviate from
the light, that's
when it becomes difficult.
And he's saying that it really
doesn't matter in the end what
you do, you just have to do
what you choose with the light.
>>For me, to know that you and
I are both of the same essence,
it makes it much more
difficult for me to cause harm
to you because it's
harming me and the whole.
This experience I had
of diminishing the light
and being separated
from is much more
difficult to repeat
knowing that.
And that's a message
for the entire planet.
How we cause harm to others.
It's more difficult
to do that knowing
that we are all the same.
>>Tell me what this is like.
Help me understand
this experience.
You're moving away.
>>Going home.
>>Are you still looking back
at-- are you looking ahead?
>>Totally ahead.
>>OK.
Is there a sensation of
something propelling you?
>>No, just getting
together with my friends.
>>They're here with you?
>>Mm-hmm.
>>Oh yeah, can you
tell me about that?
>>It's just lovely.
>>How many friends
are here around you?
>>Lots.
>>Lots of friends.
>>Is this like
too many to count?
>>I have about 20.
>>20?
And what are they doing?
>>Smiling.
>>Sort of embracing me.
>>OK.
They're touching you, embracing.
>>Oh, everybody's here.
>>Everybody.
Everybody.
How does that feel?
>>Pretty good.
>>Ya, isn't it.
>>Do you recognize is there
somebody that's-- or maybe more
than one there-- very familiar?
>>Ahh, my wife.
>>Your wife.
From then, the one
who was killed?
Yeah, OK.
>>My son.
>>Your son.
>>There's a great
deal of planning
that goes on before a lifetime.
You go through a
great deal of planning
with all of your
friends and loved
ones that are going to
get involved with you.
You have to really
think seriously
about what kind
of body and brain,
and what the tendencies of
that body are going to be,
and the brain that's either
very compatible with you or that
might challenge you.
These are all parameters
that we have to consider.
And also how much of
your energy, as a soul,
you're going to invest.
We never put all of it in.
Part of us is always at home
in the spirit world, all of us.
We never-- a body, a
human body couldn't
sustain all of our energy.
>>And he want to take
me to a healing center.
>>OK.
How does he do that?
Does he take you by the hand?
>>Just glides me by the hand
and sort of-- I'm following,
I know where to go.
He's like, follow me,
and we go together.
>>Now tell me what this
is like, this place.
>>This is like a place--
>>Do you pass
anything on your way,
or maybe you're already there.
>>I'm already there, and
it's like an energy field
that-- if you looked at it
from different perspectives
you'd see it.
There's multiple
lights, colored lights.
But depending what
work needs to be done,
it is just you and your light.
And it's sort of like the way
I was sitting by the river.
The same kind of equipoise where
you draw energy from the room
into the places where
it's been depleted.
>>You have to be rather
active in the process?
>>Mentally.
You have to pull it in, to
draw the energy towards you,
to repair the places that
are missing or damaged.
>>How does that feel
as that's happening?
>>Like filling up
with liquid water.
>>Liquid water.
>>But sort of a blissful water.
>>Liquid, blissful
water filling you, and--
>>Filling you.
>>--drawing out with
your own energy--
>>And you pull it to the
places that need to be done.
There are so many places you
can go here, people you can see.
>>So they're not
just in one place?
>>No, they're everywhere.
>>Kind of strung about.
>>Well, more
organized, but you can
just-- there's so many
opportunities to stop and see
people and friends, and
people you've touched before.
I see-- I can-- my core group.
They're our teachers,
that's what it feels like.
And there I can go visit
them in their classes.
I feel like I'm in a classroom
with a friend, who's a teacher,
and they're introducing me.
>>Introducing you?
Is that--
>>As somebody, a friend.
>>As a friend.
So they don't know
you before this?
>>My teacher friend does,
but the class doesn't.
>>So you're like
a guest speaker?
What's this?
>>Her name is Kashira, Kashira.
>>She's the teacher?
>>She's the teacher.
She teaches a class in
energy construction.
>>Do you know something
about energy construction?
Is that why--
>>She says I do.
>>Oh, you're not so sure.
>>Energy construction.
It has to do with
aligning energy,
aligning the milk of the
universe into geometric shapes.
>>And is there a
purpose for those?
>>Well, they retain
energy, they retain--
they retain everything,
the stuff of the universe.
So memories, dreams,
reflections, attitudes,
happiness, joy ahh--
>>What about physical stuff?
Are they about that too
or is that different?
>>Well, it's composed
of physical stuff
but it's mostly kind
of retaining emotions.
And because emotion is energy.
So when you have a intention it
goes into this geometric shape
and stays there.
And you can-- if you
create it properly--
you can make it so
that it'll stay there.
But also that you're
retaining-- so let's
say you're in the
classroom and you
create this energy--
Let's say you
put your good intention or
some kind of an intention
together into this geometric
shape and you bring it to life.
And you create it so
that it stays with you.
And then you're able to
carry that into your life
so you have access to it.
And that's why it's
important to bring it along
with you because
how else are you
going to retain all of
your past experiences
unless you have
these energy fields.
I see.
>>So this is something
you make for yourself.
>>Yes.
>>Not so much that you
make use for others.
You're making this for
you in preparation?
>>The actual thing that you're
creating in the classroom
are almost like
emotional ball bearings.
>>That's the geometrical part?
>>Yeah.
They do have different
shapes, and only
because the nature of
the way it's designed.
It looks like a geometric shape,
but that's how it functions.
But think of it
as a ball bearing.
And you know how
ball bearings work,
where they help everything
else move fluidly.
So you carry these
ball bearings with you
through your incarnations.
And as you go along,
unfortunately, they
pick up negative
stuff sometimes.
And that causes disruption
in the ball bearings.
So you have to-- when
you come back here-- you
work on cleaning that
stuff' up and fixing it.
>>Make new ball bearings.
>>Make new ball bearings,
restructure them.
Like taking them into the shop.
>>Physics explains
to us-- and they've
been trying to explain
to us, I think,
for 40 years,
quantum physicists--
that everything we think is
physical and solid, in fact,
is just pure energy.
>>Everything that you
create is an energy form.
If you create positive
energy things,
forms, then you're putting
out positive love and energy
into the universe.
It's a way of keeping that
light going, expanding it.
>>You said at first that it's--
that you really are in healing
as well, and so is that what--
>>I think healing is that-- this
is my odd way of doing it is
like you can heal through
words because-- of course,
we know you can
heal through action,
but the idea of healing
through words and thoughts,
and putting those into pictures
and film because those are all
images of--
>>Just another way to
deliver the energy.
>>The same energy.
>>What are you involved with?
>>It's healing.
It's energy transfer
in-- oh, I'm
trying to do it with
voice, art, music, film.
I think it came from a
classroom environment, yes, yes,
where we were talking
about coming back
and what was the
method that you could
use to help people
with energy transfer.
And so it might be a little
bit out of the box or unusual.
I see.
It's sort of like I'm
learning, or trying
to teach how to transfer energy
through emotion, through words,
through language, through--
>>Art?
>>Art.
Everything that you
create is an energy form.
If you create positive
energy things,
forms, then you're putting
out love and energy
into the universe.
It's a way of keeping
that light going.
>>You said it--
>>Expanding it.
>>--at first, that you
are in healing as well.
And is that what it--
>>I think healing is that
with-- this is my odd way of--
>>Of doing it.
>>--of doing it.
You can heal through
words because-- of course,
we know you can
heal through action,
but the idea of healing
through words and thoughts,
and putting those in
the pictures, and film,
because those are
all images of--
>>It's just another way
to deliver the energy.
>>--the same energy.
End result is out there,
and it will work out
as I imagined it had I planned
it and intricately manipulated
it.
And everyone's on the same ride.
And I think it's going
to work out just fine.
>>The question could
be asked, I suppose,
why is it that this information
hasn't been available
earlier in our history.
I think there's a couple
of reasons for that.
I've thought a lot about it.
First of all, we've never
been so overpopulated
in the history of
Earth's societies,
and we are like rats
in the maze really.
There are so many of us
running in so many directions.
And secondly, I think,
it's a pervasive use
of drugs, which has even
reached our elementary schools.
And when someone is
taking drugs in order
to quote "escape from reality,"
which so many tell you
that that's how
they got started,
it shuts down the soul.
And maybe the powers that be
upstairs have decided it's time
to loosen up this amnesiac block
a little bit that we all have
when we come into this world.
And we're now able to
receive and gain information
that perhaps earlier was
not really available.
I don't know.
>>The people who
come to our institute
to learn the
techniques that we have
to teach with regard
to life between lives
under deep hypnosis are
looking to gain a new insight
as to the purpose of
our existence here.
Who am I?
Where do I come from?
Why am I here, where am I going?
These age-old questions
are now being answered,
I think in many ways,
through the kind of hypnosis
that we use to reach
into the inner mind.
>>People just want to explore.
They want to know who they
are, really who they are,
and why they're in this world.
And everybody in the world
wants-- there's nobody,
I think, on this planet that
doesn't want to know that.
>>It keeps coming back
to the same thing.
It's within.
It's not out there in
some person, or prophet,
or anyone else.
It's here.
And what a huge
reframe it is for them.
After spending a lifetime
in relationships saying,
how disappointing,
what's missing?
To being told, not by a priest,
or a minister, or a rabbi,
or a psychic or a
reader, but through
their own inner
experience in one
of the sessions that that
energy still is in existence,
and that they carry it.
It's available to them and that
they can offer it to others.
>>Look, I think
traditional belief systems
are starting to break
down all over the world.
I think people are looking
for something more.
I think they're looking
for a greater understanding
of themselves
rather perhaps being
told by other people
what to believe.
If you can look at
what you have within,
I mean, that's got
to be the real stuff
because it's your own.
And if you can tap into that,
if you can have access to that,
it's very, very empowering.
We all know that the
world is picking up pace.
If we can have something
that's incredibly centering,
like a wakening,
an understanding
of your immortal identity,
that just seems to be the most
centering and focusing part
of you you could ever have.
The more people who discover
that beautiful compassion
and wisdom that we
hold within, that's
got to be good for the planet.
>>Ponder from moment if
reincarnation exists,
doesn't it make sense
to keep the planet clean
so we can return to it?
If we choose our lives,
and choose our parents,
then the question is why did
we choose this particular life?
If our destiny is crafted
and helped by our own higher
selves, is it possible we put
stones in our path on purpose?
If there is no death,
then and why can't we
begin to enjoy life?
Over 7,000 people told Michael
Newton and his trainees
the same things about the
afterlife under deep hypnosis.
If what they are
recounting is true,
the spirit world is obviously
trying to tell us something.
A shift in consciousness
is upon us.
If highly realized
Tibetan Lamas can
dictate their next
reincarnation,
is it possible that
we all do the same?
Part of the Boddhisattva
vow is to promise
to return to the
planet until everyone
is liberated from suffering.
Is it possible it's
a vow that we've all
taken without our knowing it?
The research shows we all are
interconnected, spiritually and
energetically, with out higher
selves and with the earth.
Billions of souls, some
being born, never dying,
reincarnating where
and when we choose.
Perhaps it's time to reframe
our vision of our soul's journey
as well as protect the earth
for our return trips here.
See you on the Flipside.